PubMode provides an interface to the NCBI PubMed database. Therefore,
users of PubMode have to be aware of the the following disclaimer and
copyright notice that applies to any service using the NCBI API.



Copyright and Disclaimers
=========================

Government information available from this site is within the public
domain. Public domain information on the National Library of Medicine
(NLM) Web pages may be freely distributed and copied. However, it is
requested that in any subsequent use of this work, NLM be given
appropriate acknowledgment.
 
This site also contains resources such as PubMed Central, Bookshelf,
OMIM, and PubChem which incorporate material contributed or licensed
by individuals, companies, or organizations that may be protected by
U.S. and foreign copyright laws. All persons reproducing,
redistributing, or making commercial use of this information are
expected to adhere to the terms and conditions asserted by the
copyright holder. Transmission or reproduction of protected items
beyond that allowed by fair use (PDF) as defined in the copyright laws
requires the written permission of the copyright owners.  Molecular
Database Availability Databases of molecular data on the NCBI Web site
include such examples as nucleotide sequences (GenBank), protein
sequences, macromolecular structures, molecular variation, gene
expression, and mapping data. They are designed to provide and
encourage access within the scientific community to sources of current
and comprehensive information. Therefore, NCBI itself places no
restrictions on the use or distribution of the data contained
therein. However, some submitters of the original data (or the country
of origin of such data) may claim patent, copyright, or other
intellectual property rights in all or a portion of the data (that has
been submitted). NCBI is not in a position to assess the validity of
such claims and, therefore, cannot provide comment or unrestricted
permission concerning the use, copying, or distribution of the
information contained in the molecular databases.  Disclaimer
Liability: For documents and software available from this server, the
U.S. Government does not warrant or assume any legal liability or
responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any
information, apparatus, product, or process disclosed. Various content
on this site may be subject to copyright by journals and
publishers. Use of the copyrighted material is subject to the terms
and conditions of use established by the journal or publisher.

Endorsement: NCBI does not endorse or recommend any commercial
products, processes, or services. The views and opinions of authors
expressed on NCBI's Web sites do not necessarily state or reflect
those of the U.S. Government, and they may not be used for advertising
or product endorsement purposes.

External Links: Some NCBI Web pages may provide links to other
Internet sites for the convenience of users. NCBI is not responsible
for the availability or content of these external sites, nor does NCBI
endorse, warrant, or guarantee the products, services, or information
described or offered at these other Internet sites. Users cannot
assume that the external sites will abide by the same Privacy Policy
to which NCBI adheres. It is the responsibility of the user to examine
the copyright and licensing restrictions of linked pages and to secure
all necessary permissions.

Pop-Up Advertisements: When visiting our Web site, your Web browser
may produce pop-up advertisements. These advertisements were most
likely produced by other Web sites you visited or by third party
software installed on your computer. The NLM does not endorse or
recommend products or services for which you may view a pop-up
advertisement on your computer screen while visiting our site.

Medical Information It is not the intention of NLM to provide specific
medical advice but rather to provide users with information to better
understand their health and their diagnosed disorders. Specific
medical advice will not be provided, and NLM urges you to consult with
a qualified physician for diagnosis and for answers to your personal
questions.  Conditions of Use This site is maintained by the
U.S. Government and is protected by various provisions of Title 18 of
the U.S. Code. Violations of Title 18 are subject to criminal
prosecution in a federal court. For site security purposes, as well as
to ensure that this service remains available to all users, we use
software programs to monitor traffic and to identify unauthorized
attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage. In
the event of authorized law enforcement investigations and pursuant to
any required legal process, information from these sources may be used
to help identify an individual.


Revised: January 10, 2007.


See http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/About/disclaimer.html for updates of
this document.